Add REX pull info (#1584)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-pull-based-transport-for-remote-execution.adoc

[id="configuring-pull-based-transport-for-remote-execution_{context}"]
= Configuring Pull-based Transport for Remote Execution

Use this procedure to set up `pull-mqtt` mode for pull-based remote execution transport.

> .Procedure

Reviewer: I think this file duplicates the "converting". I'm removing it.

> ifdef::satellite,orcharhino,foreman[]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ifdef::satellite,orcharhino,katello[]
```

Reviewer 3: This is essentially manual configuration, which should only be needed in non-katello scenarios, so only `foreman`.

Author: @adamruzicka To confirm, are you saying that no changes need to be made or that I need to remove satellite and orcharhino?

Reviewer 3: Remove satellite and orcharhino

> * Ensure your machine certificates are installed.

Reviewer 4: The procedure cannot include bullet points. If this is conceptual information, you should use concept. If it is a procedure, there must be steps. This is very confusing.

Author: @vferschm Updated the procedures to be procedures

** If you use Puppet, you can use Puppet certificates.
. Install `yggdrasil` and `foreman_ygg_worker`.

> . Configure `yggdrasil`.

Reviewer 3: Do we want to officialy support this secnario? For me it is in the "in theory it should work, but ymmv" territory

> . Configure `yggdrasil`.

Reviewer 5: If it's not explicit, I'd say we don't document it and leave out the whole pull based documentation out of the vanilla Foreman documentation. At least for now.

* Start `yggdrasil`.
endif::[]

> ifdef::katello[]

Reviewer 3: This is somewhat tricky. `katello-pull-transport-migrate` script is useable only when katello is available (ie. katello, orcharhino, satellite) and when the target hosts have valid entitlement certs.

Also, where possible, it would probably better to use the `katello-pull-transport-migrate` package from client repositories, rather than pointing people at github.

> . Retrieve the `katello-pull-transport-migrate` script for {Project} from your client repository.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
. Install the `katello-pull-transport-migrate` package from the {Team} {project-client-name} repository.
```

Installing the RPM runs the script for you, so running the script explicitly is not needed.
